# Installation

## Git installation
If you want to use these commands below, you need to have git installed.
#### On Windows:
You can download git from this site: https://git-scm.com/download/win.
#### On Ubuntu/Linux Mint:
```shell script
sudo apt-get install git
```
#### On Fedora / Red Hat / CentOS:
```shell script
sudo dnf install git
```
#### On MacOS:
```shell script
sudo brew install git
```

## Downloading repository
You can clone repository by downloading and unpacking .zip file that is generated by GitHub or
by using git commands.

### How to use git?
Open terminal (or Git Bash/PowerShell) in a location that you want to place the repository in.
Then type:
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/tgargula/HomePage
```
You can list available versions by typing:
```shell script
git tag -l
```
If you want to use the older version, type:
```shell script
git checkout tags/<tag_name>
```

## Localhost server

It is necessary to start a localhost server. There is a description below, how to do this, using Python *http.server* module.

#### On Windows:
You have to have Python 3.* installed. In order to check that, you can type:
```shell script
python -V
```
If an error occurs, then you will have to download the latest version from https://www.python.org.
Be sure to select: "Add Python to PATH".

Then type:
```shell script
cd <your-repository-location>
python -m http.server 8000
```
This will run localhost server on port 8000. To access the page, visit: [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

#### On Linux/MacOS:

Install python3 from your package manager if it is not installed and type:
```shell script
cd <your-repository-location>
python3 -m http.server 8000 &
```
This will run localhost server on port 8000. To access the page, visit: [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

You can run localhost server every startup by adding these lines above to ~/.bash_profile or ~/.profile.

# Description

#### Default screen
<kbd>&#8592;</kbd> – previous page\
<kbd>&#8594;</kbd> – next page\
<kbd>&#8593;</kbd> – focus on search bar\
<kbd>&#8595;</kbd> – no more focus on search bar\
<kbd>Enter</kbd> – open Google (if search bar is active)\
Typing any letter will autofocus on search bar

#### Searching screen
<kbd>&#8592;</kbd> – previous tile\
<kbd>&#8594;</kbd> – next tile\
<kbd>Esc</kbd> – go back to default screen and clear input\
<kbd>Enter</kbd> – use selected tile or search using Google\
<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd> – search using Google even if there are matching tiles